Lubin bub is a staple dish in Korea and
it's so healthy for you
this version is called dolsot bibimbap
and the difference between this and the
normal one is that it's cooked in a
Korean style play pot you can use this
recipe to make regular bibimbap as well
just use a normal bowl and fry the egg
before you put it in I also use
multigrain rice instead of regular rice
as it's much healthier for you if you
watch the middle of this video I also
have a bonus beauty treatment for you
using one of the ingredients let's start
you'll need a small bowl of cooked rice
I've used Korean style multigrain rice
some veggies I chose English spinach and
enoki mushroom and carrot some marinated
bulgogi beef you can see my blog for
more details on how to marinate this or
you can buy it pre-marinated an egg and
some Korean style chili paste also
you'll need a Korean style clay pot to
cook this in step 1 prepare your
vegetables use a vegetable peeler and
peel your carrot throw away the first
layer you can use a knife to cut the
carrot into thin strips but it's easier
and safer to just use the vegetable
peeler to create your carrot strips peel
a small handful and put it aside
why should prepare your other vegetables
like your spinach in your key mushrooms
now you're ready to cook them step 2
cook your sides put a little bit of oil
in a pan and cook your beef stir until
the color has changed to a brown take it
off the pan now you have some leftover
beef flavor in your pan add your carrot
strips straight in to absorb the beef
stock this will add flavor to your
carrots and minimize waste put your
carrots aside when it starts to wilt now
add your na q mushrooms and a little bit
of water these mushrooms cook better
with a bit of water and steam once they
start getting soft you can add some salt
to season
put aside lately oil your pan again and
cook your spinach add some salt to
season once I start getting softer
cooked you can put it aside in a box
with your other vegetables step 3 make
your clay pot rice you want to put your
clay pot onto the stove and lightly oil
it use a paper towel and spread the oil
evenly on the bottom of the clay pot so
your rice doesn't stick now it's time to
arrange your clay pot rice place your
rice fast and spread it lightly so it's
even now arrange your cooked beef
carrots spinach and enoki mushrooms
around the plot it looks so pretty
crack your egg and use a spoon to
carefully separate the yolk from the egg
way the egg white will make your bidden
bubs soggy so we'll only use the yolk
for this place your egg yolk in the
middle now turn on the stove and heat up
your clay pot now for the exciting bonus
part don't throw away your egg white yet
you can actually use the egg white as a
tightening and softening mask while you
wait for your boomer back to cook all
you need to do is apply it on your face
and let it dry this will take around 15
to 30 minutes it will start to feel
tight when it starts drying I use the
foundation brush to put it on my face so
it's not so messy and for those of you
with sensitive or broken skin or acne
prone skin this may not be the best
treatment for you now back to our
booming bub after about three minutes it
will be done you can leave it for longer
for around five minutes if you want the
bottom of the rice to be more crispy the
aim is to cook it enough for the stone
pot to be hot enough to cook your egg
when you mix it and now we're done
delicious and healthy doll slop moving
but the chilli paste is to mix in when
you're ready to eat and you can add as
much as you like I love the chilli paste
so I actually add a lot of this when I
start to eat it
the clay pot keeps the rice warm and
it's perfect for a cold day I hope you
enjoyed this recipe for this hearty
healthy Korean style dish which comes
with a bonus natural face treatment all
in one healthy body and glowing skin
it's such a perfect combination but is
your favorite Korean dish I also have a
soft spot for spicy tofu stew and
ginseng chicken soup
remember to thumb this video up if you'd
like more cooking videos for me make
life beautiful the wonderful world of
wengie don't forget to check out my
other cooking videos I've shown you how
to make three delicious and low calorie
snacks from egg and you should also
check out the sweets I made for
Halloween they're super cute I'll see
you guys in my next video bye